# Sentiment-Analysis-on-Tweets-about-Online-Education-during-COVID-19
Amid the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic lockdown, the closure of educational institutes led to an unprecedented rise in online learning. However, right now more than 4.29 billion people worldwide have received a Covid-19 vaccine, equal to about 55.9 percent of the world population. Many schools are considering a wide range of scenarios for reopening that range from fully in-person to fully remote, with many hybrids in between designed to have fewer students in the building at any given time. In addition, school leaders want to ensure that student needs are met, particularly students with special needs, students learning English, and students who have fallen behind during school closures. The reference of students and parents towards e-learning is very critical to help make class format decisions and provide targeted support to address individual needs regardless of the instructional setting.
With almost 400 million users worldwide; 38.7% of them are from 25 to 34 years old. Twitter is the most useful platform to analyze people's perceptions about online learning.

In this project, the text was extracted from Twitter that contains the “onlinelearning” hashtag. The following are the objectives of the project:

- To analyze the thoughts and experiences of the users about the transition from face-to-face education to online education through sentiment analysis and the effectiveness of the e-learning system to achieve the desired learning outcome 
- To explore the possible relationship between monthly changes in corona cases and monthly percentage of the positive sentiment of people.
- To find the basic concerns and relief which people are having during the pandemic regarding e-learning through topic modeling.
